# About
_todo_ This need to be described, defined more clearly. But, it is about the need to somehow organise what need to be done. This must be described on a purpose level, why it is needed. Not how. How, can be a normal backlog, preferrably Kanban, but this is often a bit too narrow, something else, some other kind of tool is normally needed, such as a graphical view, Miro or Visio/draw.io or similar.  
But, anyhow, this is not how, but why and purpose.  
There is a need to have a collection of problems to be solved. These are not only problems, but also needs, ideas, necessities/todo's. The important is to get an overview, to clearly describe, define so that it is possible to reach the next purpose or outcome, which is to be able to discuss how the need, problem, idea shall be taken further. This needs to be discussed on several levels, overview, understand some aspects, go deeper, start working on a solution etc.  
E.g. if a manual of some kind shall be written, it is tempting to just start writing. Instead, a conversation must be started around what the purpose of this manual is. Who the readers are, if they are homogenous or of different kind. Then what the manual shall be about and before 'what it shall contain', start with 'what shall it tell'. Then a discussion about form is needed, textual, a webpage, an application - there are so many different possibilities.  
- All these things need a place to have the conversation, a conversation that might take a lot of time, that is interrupted by other work, that involves people with different availability. 
- The suggested form to start with, is the 'design.log'. 
- There are of course other forms, e.g. Torres OST. 
- It shall be kept separate, but with dependency towards the project planning, which might be a backlog, a project plan etc. But, since this is closely related to how work is done, and since design work is systemic in nature, it must be possible to quickly traverse from one problem, or level of the problems, to another, quickly, a normal backlog or project plan is to rigid.